Physical Locations:

New Charcherry – Formerly known as Charcherry, it’s name given after an incident involving Rogue of Heart Charles [ REDACTED ] burning down the forest in it’s place as a response to a parasite attached to Witch of Life Kat threatening to drain the life out of the planet. Kat later died from being crushed to death after Heir of Time Rise Emit chopped down some trees in anger of their treehouse being destroyed in the fire, to which they still regret to this day. Charcherry was the place for the first settlement of the V2 Players after they have won the game for some time. After the Purity Temple dungeon had later drained the life out of the area, Prince of Time Garnett Garren and Mage of Light Nick Card took what was left and regrew the land using their powers combined. It is now a new town inhabited primarily by elves (who arrived after being rescued from The Reckoning on Jingloria), surrounded by both pink foilage resembling cherry blossoms and actual cherry trees, as well as pink animals, which can be found all over New Charcherry’s home, Starter Planet. 

Desertia – Once an empty sand ball with just the AC Memorial Robotics Lab and a greenhouse, Desertia now also has a small town encased in a glass dome known as the Desertia Village, ruled by it’s president, Witch of Time Katyleen Kitten. Desertia’s role was to primarily deter others away from Starter Planet, but is now basically the Dungeon Crashers’ HQ. Gene’s Garden v2 was also moved from Charcherry to here for… some reason. 

Autumnal – One of the four seasonal planets (the other three being Vernal [spring], Aestival [summer], and Burmal [winter]), it is a planet of eternal autumn, home to Brae Emit, Warlock of Time Coleman, and occasionally Heir of Time Rise Emit. A cabin and a garden can be found on the planet, belonging to Brae. A variety of fall-time produce and a single chicken named Cirrus can be also found here. 

Korous – A hot, somewhat mostly desert planet that is home to the Temporics and STOMB. It is also home to Fort Aspara, where the Warp Zone is located. Korous exists because of Chronos’s meddling with the component frogs and injecting a code causing this planet to appear with species bearing his likeness. In [death]stuck, Chronos also used Prince of Time Garnett Garren’s glassestop with the exile program installed onto it to influence the people of Korous over time to have them worship him as a god. Korous is also undergoing an ongoing terraforming project, in which Garnett played a large role in. 

The Warp Zone – A mostly secret underground room in Fort Aspara, Korous, where a circle of transportalizers to various locations resides. The list of locations includes the following; Desertia (represented by a Time gear), New Charcherry (represented by a cherry tree), Hepi (represented by a snail), Autumnal (represented by a lemon), Land of DLC and Challenges (represented by an “EA”), Spaceport Mall (represented by a space ship), the Eros Machina (represented by a semi truck), and Kisibuza (represented by a person with four arms). Each transportalizer has a hologram projected above it to represent each location. Total number of transportalizers present may vary over time.  


The Spaceport – A massive and complex structure in space, home to a variety of things such as a large shopping mall, various hotels and apartments, auditoriums for events, and a station where hundreds of ships depart from and arrive to. Credit is used here for the main currency, but there are also currency transfers available. If one does not own a ship, they can take a commercial flight from here to another planet’s spaceport. 

Hotdoggin – A beachy planet found in the same solar system as the mysteriously missing planet Thirdinaltupp, this is the home of some quite lovely vacation spots. This planet is currently colonized by Thirdinaltupp refugees, who were in space at the time of their home planet’s disappearance. Hotdoggin is a part of the Federation and has commercial flights that come along from select locations. 

Hepi – A planet that is vaguely Earth-like and home to Hepians, also Mei “Samus” Kitten and Mai’s home planet. Two main locations visited are Kanjaweii (also known as the Village of Flowers), and the Capital City. Kanjaweii is Mei and Mai’s hometown, a small town best known for their large assortment of flowers that grow there naturally all year. The Capital City is the capital of all of Hepi and one of the bigger and busier cities on the planet. It is also home to the Capital City Laboratories. 



Memos:

#dungeon-crashers – The home memo for the Dungeon Crashers, a group dedicated to taking down VoidCo dungeons. It is a public memo, and anyone can discover it. While sometimes the topic is focused on dealing with the aforementioned dungeons, any sort of topic is talked about here. It is usually used as a way to communicate with the group as a whole. 

#secret-layer – Formerly a memo for a reboot of the Hotel RP, this is a private memo in which only whitelisted users can see and interact with. Anyone who is not on the whitelist cannot see or interact with this memo. In here, many things are discussed, but it is most popularly used to plot against VoidCo and call Mei “Samus” Kitten by name. 



Known VoidCo Dungeons:

Kisibuza – Found on the planet Kisibuza. Tackled by Heir of Time Rise Emit, Knight of Void Jamie, Maid of Heart Rustye Furreh, Bard of Void Nate, Rogue of Heart Charles [REDACTED], and Witch of Time Katyleen Kitten. Dungeon core was dismantled via bomb. Two Tetrach statues were taken from the dungeon and placed into Charcherry Town Square. 

Dungeon500 – Found on planet Grass 13. Tackled by Witch of Time Katie Kitten, Heir of Hope Hazel Careon, Prince of Time Garnett Garren, Heir of Time Rise Emit, Rogue of Heart Charles [ REDACTED ], Mei of planet Hepi, Knight of Space Smoke, and Bard of Void Nate. Dungeon core was deactivated, as it was formerly a VoidCo owned building but sold off to someone by the name of “wateryDM” and converted into an extension of the original Dungeon500 of SBARGv2’s LoCaL. Android *Aperture and CruxiteBuddySprite were saved from this dungeon. 

Korous – Found on the planet Korous. Tackled by Witches of Time Katyleen Kitten (Alpha and Delta), Mei of Hepi, Rogue of Heart Charles, *Aperture, Princess of Space Brae Emit, Heir of Time Rise Emit, and Heir of Life Amy. Special guests, Warlock of Time Coleman, mysterious figure Anyan, travelling salesman Mike, Morcant the squiddle, Coral the slime, and “The Architect” (Page of Light Tracy).  Additional guests *Jackbot, *Aperture. Dungeon core was deactivated by being overloaded by Katie via the powerCity. Princes of Time Garnett Garren and Travis Entropa were saved from this dungeon. 

Creknam – Found on planet Creknam. Tackled by Witch of Time Katyleen Kitten, Warlock of Time Coleman, Ex-sprite Buddy, *Aperture, Mage of Light Nick Card, Page of Light Tracy, and Maid of Heart Rustye Furreh. Special guest Wasp. Dungeon core was busted. 

Purity Temple – Found on Starter Planet. Tackled by Rogue of Heart Charles, Delta timeline Witch of Time Katyleen Kitten, Page of Light Tracy, Warlock of Time Coleman, Bounty Hunter Samus, Prince of Time River, Knight of Space Zowera, and Knight of Void Jamie. Dungeon core was covered in flesh, and reportedly blew itself up. The temple collapsed, leaving a pit of lava behind. Some felt regretful that they could not save the doomed souls that resided in the mound of flesh. A day or two later, the party members received a thank-you letter from VoidCo, containing a friendcoin. 

Hotdoggin – Found on planet Hotdoggin. Tackled by Heir of Time Rise, Rogue of Heart Charles, Ace Prosecutor Lightyears Edgeworth, Heir of Void Jamie, Bounty Hunter Samus, small child Drazra, Rise's Fae sister Brae Emit, and Page of Light Tracy. Dungeon core was blown up by a bomb. Nico of Earth, Heir of Hope Hazel Careon, Mai of Hepi, Witch of Time Katyleen Kitten, and Mage of Light Nick Card were saved from the dungeon. 

Aviary City – Found on planet Roostar. Tackled by Heir of Breath June Egbert, Rogue of Heart Charles, Witch of Time Katyleen Kitten, Bounty Hunter Samus, Isaac Reuben, and Heir of Void Mimi So&So. Dungeon core was destroyed by Stargate blast. 

Ship in a Bottle – Found somewhere in space. Tackled by Mai of Hepi, Bounty hunter Samus Kitten, Witch of Time Katyleen Kitten, Rogue of Heart Charles, Magical Fae Brae Emit, and Heir of Time Rise Emit. Dungeon core was blown up by lemon bombs. Page of Mind Samm was saved from the dungeon. 