Pokemon Data

Due to a cascade of events involving a re-opened Ultra Wormhole, a lost Hoopa, and Arceus literally sending more afterwards for biodiversity reasons, there is now a permanant population of Pokemon on Starter Planet.
Charles alchemized a pokedex that has the ability to gather data on a pokemon automatically from various sources. After a lopsided online poll, it was dubbed the UltraDex. It has an ultra ball pattern! of course we're gonna call it the ultradex! Like, I know, it could have been called the Hyperdex or the cooldex or whatever, but bluh.

In this section, Data gathered from everyone's ultradex will be compiled here. 
<hr>
Basculin
The hostile pokemon

They are apparently very very hard to get along with and can often bully other pokemon out of their territory, including basculin of other schools! They are apparently good to eat, if you know how to cook a fish well.
Location found: Rose Lake River
Level range: 15 

Golbat
The bat pokemon

Golbat are known to live in dark caves and suck the blood of people and pokemon alike. They do not stop until they are satisfied, though that often leaves them too heavy to fly afterwards.
Location found: Skylight Cave
Level range: 20-30
Should have evolved from zubat at level 22

Sinistea
The black tea pokemon

An abandoned teacup possessed by a lonely spirit. If one tries to drink a sinistea, they will try to drink you! There have been reports of inn patrons at the Cherry Pit getting sick after drinking some bad tea.
Formes seen: jinglorian forme
Location found: Charcherry graveyard
Level range: 25
Note: The one found appears to have a different teacup design than the ones found in galar, appears to be a jinglorian teacup. Sometimes smells like peppermint.

Slugma
The lava pokemon

This pokemon must never sleep, or risk hardening into brittle stone. They tend to stay in groups together within volcanic areas to stay hot enough to move.
Location found: Purity Caldera
Level range: 15-20

Slowpoke
The dopey pokemon

Slowpoke are known to be paitient anglers with their tail. However, sometimes they forget they're even fishing at all, on account of finding it hard to register pain. A slowpoke's tail can be removed in times of extreme duress and it will grow back in a few weeks. The tails are a delicacy in a few places
Formes seen: kanto forme, galar forme
Location found: Slowpoke island
Level range: 30

Hoopa
The mischief pokemon

Hoopa can summon pokemon from other dimensions via their hoops, but curiously cannot use the hoops to travel themselves. They apparently like to take things for their secret stash. One tried to take a super emerald from chaos obama himself!
Location found: Initially Slowpoke island, various places afterwards
Level Range: Unknown

Celebi
The onion fairy pokemon

Celebi is known to travel through time. The one sent to our dimension was not entirely versed in the mechanics of paradox space until they were interviewed by a time player. They are known to organize their timeloops in a council structure together, outside of the timestream.
Location found: various places
Level Range: unknown

Mewtwo
The genetic pokemon

This pokemon was created in a lab to be an ultra-powerful clone of mew. They escaped, but eventually was captured by Chaos Obama's forces. Having no respect for those who try to use them as a weapon, Mewtwo was given to the dungeon crasher that they considered to be worthy of their power. Rise wound up being chosen, though they seem doubtful of their qualifications. One can only hope that life on autumnal will give Mewtwo the home and family they never got to have before.
Location found: various, obtained at Gene's Garden
Level range: 70

Litten
The fire cat pokemon

Litten are known to groom themselves very often, leading to flammable hairballs. It tends to take a while for a Litten to warm up to somebody. Those that try to get too close too soon are often subject to scratches.
Location found: Apparently from Alola, obtained in Autumnal
Level range: 6

Torracat
The fire cat pokemon

Torracat are quite strong and produce powerful flames from their bell-like flame sac. They can tend to act spoiled around those that grow close to them. They seem to enjoy the thrill of a challenging battle.
Location found: Unknown, evolved from litten on autumnal
Evolved at level 17