UM: ...let us focus in on a specific period of time. The time leading up to your entry into the Frog and your colonization of the planets which you currently call home.
FF: Ah... Well, thats good at least. Won't have to talk about all the bullshit in the session and the glitches.
LS: okay, I can do that. hopefully I can keep it relatively brief
FF: Mind If I add comments here and there, Journalist?
LS: sure, go for it
LS: okay so, how far back to start at...
FF: Well... after a certain Fuck got beaten and we solved many puzzles and freed a chill green bird, we still had issues.
...
LS: Once upon a time, a massive session was initiated by a horrorterror with a tumblr blog. A session destined to be forgotten. A session destined for destruction
LS: thousands of players were lured to this game, with the promise of evading the reckoning set upon their world. I was one of them.
LS: we followed the words of this horrorterror, and were told of a timespace player who betrayed their coplayers and sought to destroy all in his path. We were tasked with foiling the timespace player's designs.
FF: Yeah, it fucking sucked. I came in later then most, I think. Don't know how that worked but... yeah. 'Fun' Times for all.
LS: we were all naive and followed the instructions of the horrorterror, and believed every word on that blog. Though our common enemy was true, he was not supposed to be. the tasks we were given seemed almost more disastrous than the chaos that the timespace player inflicted upon us. Honestly its hard to tell who was truly in the right back then. The session ended in roughly a month, with the horrorterror calling forth a killswitch of sorts on the session, after getting all the remaining players to collect exorbitant amounts of grist. It was stated that The Reset was to dispose of the timespace player, but all it did was destroy the session. It was sheer luck that I managed to escape with the heir of hope.
LS: we then made a home for ourselves on a meteor, careening across the void for untold amounts of time. We eventually learned of the fate of the horrorterror, apparently the timespace player had slaughtered them soon after The Reset, and had also escaped to the furthest ring.
FF: ... oh wait, you are talking about the session before the one I joined in on.
LS: yeah
LS: the one I was in
FF: ... I never heard much about it, to be honest. And you where? ...huh. don't know if I knew that or not but.. yeah, anyways, continue- I'll try and be quiet till I can actually say stuff about what happened cause I was there.
LS: so as time moved on, me and the heir of hope came across various other stragglers and refugees, some from our session, some from other sessions, and one that appeared to be a player but was actually planted there by a diabolical time player from a dark future. We also came across an heir of time whose destiny would ensure the existence of the very same timespace player we were pit against.
LS: we eventually came into contact with a different horrorterror with their own tumblr blog, and were baited with internet access to do the horrorterror's bidding. we eventually were put upon a Stage to alter the memories of the heir of time, so that a version of them would not have to suffer such a dark fate.
LS: a great deal of things occurred after this point, and some unelaborated before, including the timeprince's deal to give our groups--both of our forgotten session and the session to follow--access to a version of the afterlife known as the dreambubbles. the risen heir was also placed into a deep sleep to prevent the second coming of the timespace player, but this effort failed. The timeprince had to take things into their own hands to stop him. At their point in time, from when they contacted us, the v2 session had already concluded and they had already claimed their Ultimate Reward.
UM: Hm. I see.
FF: Like I said- Time Bullshit is Time Bullshit.
LS: eventually, my group had been thrown face-first into a cataclysmic incident involving the dark timewitch and the tattered heir. it ultimately ended in the destruction of our meteor home, at least two dreambubbles, and caused an intercosmic-spanning phenomenon known as the Grand Dream.
LS: not only did probably the entire furthest ring become drowned in dreambubble, but also all of Gene was soaked in it too. this allowed the dreams of all who dreamed to collide with reality for a time.
LS: this is also how voidco was able to infiltrate Gene and build the voidco dungeons
LS: voidco being a company which associates with horrorterrors and various other voidspawn in the furthest ring, and reportedly is an energy company on paper. They drain all who they can get their hands on, their original victims being stragglers from failed sessions like myself.
UM: I believe I am familiar with the Horrorterrors, yes.
UM: Another race of beings that exist outside of the designated universes.
LS: yeah. usually dealing with them is bad news, from my experience
UM: I have been idly following what I can of their practices and progress and I cannot say that I approve of their methods nor their ethics.
FF: Yeah, fuck those guys
LS: back to the story though, it took the efforts of countless players summoned to the epicenter to defeat both of the destructive figures who showed up.
LS: near the end of the Grand Dream, the tattered heir, cleansed of his Malice, made amends and granted the wish of the ones who had been wronged by the one who would become the timespace player, to see what lie beyond their endgame door.
LS: it turns out their session had also made another copy of Gene, and the door lead to this very same universe, which their group had come from in the first place.
LS: near the end of the dream, the world that the dark timewitch had created in his fit of godlike self indulgence, was sent to this universe with the remaining summoned players upon it. The land of meteors and gospel, it was called. it was settled into orbit of a world created by the players who had completed the game in the v2 session.
LS: the land of meteors and gospel was largely abandoned for greener pastures, but there's probably still some who call it home.
LS: at that point, myself and my friends went to a spaceport to finally have some fast food together, thus ending our long journey. the end.
FF:... While that does tell me that I missed alot of shit or don't know as much as I should bout things
FF: Do kinda feel like ya skimmed over the second session.
LS: well I wasn't in that session
FF: That would explain that
FF:... Fuck Imm gonna have to fill in the blanks badly, don't I
FF: Give me a moment.
LS: I'm sure you'll do fine
UM: Miss Emit has shared much from the second session with me, as she was a player during that time as well.
UM: So do not feel too pressed to be perfect, Fool.

FF: Well... thats good to know.
FF: Alright, so I  don't know how things started, but I do know this:
FF: The Second Session was a fucking mess. Whoever coded the game, did so badly. Event Flags and things, even our aspects and classes were not properly coded in- Basically, in game terms, we couldn't go foward much cause the way foward wasn't there
FF: However, there was this kinda helpful but weird fella that I was suspicious about that said they could fix things, but he needed helped with puzzles and gathering materials.
FF: He said he was a first guardian but...
FF: Well, turns out he was actually some kinda lord or asshole of space and time
FF: may have been the same one or this universes version of the big bad from the last one
FF: He fixed just enough shit to make sure he would come to be, or something, then fucked off when the Real FG hatched or
FF: Something
FF: Anyways, the FG was sorry about that, but still needed our help to complete the game and finish off the Fucker.
FF: Also, I call him or them that cause he doesn't deserve to be remembered- fucker was... ignorate and yet seemed to just be bad and ominious cause he thought it was cool or something
FF: was much better before he or her revealed themselves
FF: ANYWAYS
FF: We had to deal with more puzzles, Denizens, FL's Bullshit, Everyone elses bullshit, Glitches that caused issues, Dungeons that caused problems
FF: You know, normal Game Shit
FF: eventually we got our act together, and some of the others found a way to kill the fucker
FL: don't forget the goat man bullshit. I mean we all did for an extended period of time, but still.
FF: Goat man?
UM: Hm...
FF: but yeah, also there was some stuff that I was not involved with the present version of the Big Bad and shit, but I don't think I really interacted much except for yelling at them
FL: apparently he did an acrobatic pirouette off the goddamn handle and cannon balled straight into the blue hole. 
CA: Hank, also known as 'squealingVermin.' A Doom Player and also an asshole who managed to retcon himself from existence, forcing me to go back and take his place to keep the timeline from unraveling.
FF: But wait, there was more! Apparently, there was some kinda Red shit causing issues, and a Blue Screen Hole of Death that people fretted over and didn't really know how to handle cause that was stopping us from getting our reward
CA: Pardon my language, but after taking his place, I have the right to call him one.
FF: Eventually, Uh... two versions of the fucker who weren't assholes decided to try and do a self sacerficing shit to fix the hole while everyone watched.
FF: I uh, did not react well to everyone sitting around watching
FF: and Yelled alot and got people to somehow actually do shit
PK: Ms. Emit and her sibling, to be clear.
FL: ...I want to punch you so much right now, FF.
FF: Feel free to try
FF: Anyways, after the hole got fixed, we spent a bit dittering around waiting for everyone to get their shit in order before going through the door. Also, I died at the end, but got better. Unlike everyone else who rushed off to fucking die the moment 'dying and going god mode' was a thing
CA: I'm the Disciple by the way, an alternate version of the Alchemist who was spared from a doomed timeline to keep the Alpha Timeline from unraveling and then proceeded to fade away until FL rescued me.
FF: but anyways. Thats my bad retelling of how shit went down
FF: So... any mistakes I made, or did I get it mostly right?
FF: there was alot more then that going on- drama, people yelling, side questing, teenagers being teenagers, denizens gaining access to the internet
FF:... also lots of folks that aren't around anymore but... thats life.